debt must expand for the system to
continue central banks print money loan
it to commercial banks at Interest Who
then loan it to you at a much higher
interest rate this process creates a
NeverEnding feedback loop of debt
creation where debt is created more debt
must be created in order to pay it off
the concept of Interest makes it
impossible for the system to ever be
completely paid back
in the event it gets to a certain point
it would bring the entire Financial
system down you came here for the truth
so let me unveil that for you let's talk
about debt today in fact I have a lot of
topics to discuss today let's begin with
this you're looking at the delinquency
rate specifically with cars right here
and you can see that it has gotten to
the point of hey what do we got
financial crisis that's right we are in
the financial crisis part two financial
crisis part two is what I like to call
the continuation of what we saw now
coming on 10 years almost practically
and this here should show you should
prove to you that this is yet one more
indicator that we are in the middle of
the financial crisis part two this just
happens to be one thing I've shown you
so many different indicators whether
it's the civilian labor force
participation rate whether it's all the
debt that has has been created anything
you look at inflation rates and
unemployment rates even the real
unemployment rates show you but I
actually like to see the civilian labor
force participation rate this happens to
be just one
thing then you look at this total debt
balance and its comp position you can
see that the
debt has expanded to
12.58
trillion dollar heading back to a
decade
high and this is just another
statistic when you look at the personal
debt which or household debt which has
been accumulated over the years
it is
astronomical when you just see the chart
I mean this only shows you back from
2003 but when you look at it over like a
50-year chart for example you get this
huge wave that has occurred and it
doesn't seem to be stopping anytime soon
it's just expanding and expanding but
it's not just the households you can't
blame individuals because then you look
on it at a a provincial or a state level
depending on where you are you look at
it uh at the national level massive
massive expansions on the N National
level I mean every single level
corporate as well they're just taking on
more and more and more debt why why why
won't anybody just pay off their debt
why because it's not meant to be paid
back that's the whole point and it just
continues to expand and expand like a
glutton like a hoarder to expand and get
bigger and bigger and Messier and it's
just hard to really get back to normal
again simply because it's a
self-fulfilling prophecy getting worse
and worse and as it gets worse well then
it gets
worse it's really bad at this time and I
don't see for the foreseeable future
that it's going to get any better I'm
not just talking about the US I mean
look at Europe for example
student debt payback far worse than
belief guess
what the revised education department
number shows that more than 1,000
schools at least half of the students
defaulted or failed to pay down their
debt within 7 years yes they
admitted that it wasn't so Rosy it
wasn't all just rainbows and
flowers it was actually much worse I'm
glad to see the admission of course this
is what they do a lot of times with the
job numbers and everything they first
post that number okay 200,000 jobs
created then they revise it like a week
later and say oh actually it wasn't
200,000 it's actually only 50,000 but
the numbers are out the stock market has
already done its moves accordingly and
everything
else and that's very very interesting
how they do that this has happened many
times before in
fact this here is right from the fed's
website from none other than Neil
kashari if uh you turn back the pages of
History a little bit he was actually
there during the Congressional hearings
where they asked Neil kashari they said
you know it's not that you're we don't
trust that you're working hard we just
want to know who you're working for and
that's a little segue off but this year
he actually said somebody from the FED
actually said something that I agree
with and I'm talking about somebody at
the FED not necessarily like a green
span or somebody else look at
this there's a straightforward way to
help prevent the next financial crisis
fix the too big to fail problem and
still relax regulations on community
lenders this right here increase Capital
requirements hey what in that be
excellent to increase the capital
requirements yes you as an individual
Bank you can't hold just 3% five or 10%
in some cases of the amount of funds
total amount of funds that you're
supposed to
have you'll have to own uh hold on to a
little bit more wow what a concept that
the Federal Reserve is coming out there
telling the commerci commer Banks you
have to hold on to a little bit more
money in those vaults you can't gamble
that
much I just thought it was a joke coming
from the FED but you know I'm going to
point it out where I see it this was
very interesting you probably read about
it CIA Espionage orders for the 2012
French presidential election I didn't
read the entire um document here but I
just read the sort of the caption and
essentially what we have is during the
2012 election the CIA spied and actually
did some deep investigations tried to uh
dig up some Intel let's say from uh both
human and I guess it seems like they
were using some computerized models or
something but uh tried to see what was
going on for the election they didn't
think that uh the president would be
able to win so they decided to uh dig
into some other information I think
that's funny that the CIA sticking their
nose into all different business and
Wikileaks bringing that out I think
it's just interesting to say the least
how far the spy agencies from around the
world are willing to
go this
here um it's Mark Zuckerberg everybody's
favorite I I'm not even looking into
what he said if you look at this I
purposely searched for the word Global
and it is said in this one little small
little post that he has globalist said
27 times he's talking about building a
Global community and in a sense I do
believe that we should
have tolerance for
everyone peace and love
essentially I do not however agree with
globalism as it's being brought on to us
now I also do not agree with global
governance and any of the other mess
like Global government not allowed to
say that Global government Global
governance any of these things generally
are not what they seem look at Agenda 21
and all that Global Army Global religion
Global Central Bank Global Currency
you've heard it all when a big person
like this one of the wealthiest men in
the world starts talking about global
Community what they're trying to do is
basically tear down the borders in
between nations not not
symbolically in that you know we need to
get along
everyone it it starts to take a little
bit of turn and it's trying
to it's basically propaganda is what it
is trying to get people to accept a new
definition of
sovereignty that I don't agree
with what they do is they say look you
got to accept everybody so there's
there's prop there's all different types
of propaganda there's propaganda that
says look don't let uh immigrants in
they're very bad then you have on the
left what they call the left
basically saying look you need to accept
everyone let down your guard let us get
in there just let us just sneak in a
little bit of that sovereignty don't
worry about it and we're going to be
able to make this world a better place
there's all different types of
propaganda that's going on in front of
our very eyes if you can just what I
call zoom out and see It ultimately who
stands to gain from any of the policies
which we we see who really stands the
gain I assure you in anything that you
see out there anything the bailouts the
bail-ins all these different all these
different scams and schemes that we're
being forced upon us it's always the big
corporations the elite the globalists
these are the ones that will ultimately
always benefit
and that's why they try to get us into
accepting globalism in the way that they
project it un programs Agenda
21 and the you
know supernational entities like the IMF
who say look you got to be fair you got
to get some austerity you got to you
know pay your way and fair share and all
this business and then ultimately they
end up just screwing everybody over well
I'm not going to accept it look if it's
being proposed by a government it's
being proposed by a supernational entity
the chances are I'm not going to believe
it I'm not going to accept it it's just
the way it is I'd rather say no as Dr n
Ron Paul he was willing to just say no
every time when a bill came his
way voting on it he just said no because
ultimately it's against everything to
create all these regulations these rules
these laws that always always always
benefit
them instead of us if you found this
video informative please give me a
thumbs
up and if you found this video
informative and I know you will find my
book The Money GPS even more informative
you could look through the book over at
Amazon they have a look inside feature
that will allow you to flip through the
pages of the book and see if you like it
take
care I just did a interview with x22
so check for that I believe it's going
to post on Tuesday so you can check that
out definitely um I I really think you
guys are going to like it I know many of
you are also subscribers on there as
well as here so hopefully you will be
able to uh join me on there I will
definitely be commenting as it post so
look for that I believe it should be
Tuesday based on what he told me take
care